Change Canvas default stroke width from 2.0 to 1.0 across android,cocoa,iOS.gtk,winforms backends #4381 (#4396)
beeware/toga: changes/4381.bugfix.md

> Updated the default Canvas stroke width from 2.0 to 1.0 across all backends to mirror HTML5 standards.

Reviewer: The tense for this  isn't quite right - change notes are for the user reading about the "great new feature". They should be in indicative mood and past tense, not imperative mood and present tense:
```suggestion
In order to better mirror HTML standards, the default Canvas stroke width has been modified from 2.0 to 1.0.
```
There is also a need for a `removal` note, as this will be a backwards incompatible change in the code.
